hey guys so I was having a conversation
with some friends over the weekend and
we started talking about superpowers
don't ask why and so the question of the
day was if you could choose any
superpower from any universe or any
movie which superpower would you choose
so I thought wouldn't it be cool to do a
video on my top 5 super powers in the DC
or marvel universe or just super powers
that I've seen used randomly in movies
so let's get into it
number 5 super strength
now this superpower is really prevalent
among a lot of popular superheroes you
have Superman and Shazam from DC Comics
they have super-strength Thor Incredible
Hulk the thing from the Fantastic Four
now there are so many benefits that come
to mind when thinking about people with
super strength
number one is hey hey hey what about me
I can lift 25 tonne dude that's right
dude I'm so sorry I forgot about you you
better recognize
anyway you suck now there are so many
benefits that come to mind when thinking
about people with a super strength they
can break through walls they can throw
large machinery or large enemies they
can catch weapons that are shot down to
the ground and maybe they can survive
attacks from this guy number four
teleportation now this is probably the
most overlooked on superpower but
imagine being in a heated battle and or
captured and you can simply teleport to
another city or at the blink of an eye
you can grab your opponent and teleport
both of you - okay
where you would have the upper hand so
imagine taking your opponent grabbing
them teleport to the sky drop them you
get my drift
this power makes it hard if not
impossible to be captured it makes you
really hard to predict and it gives you
some pretty cool dance moves now of
course the most popular character with
this superpower is Nightcrawler from
Marvel but also Deadpool and Thanos from
Marvel had this superpower and the
character Raven from DC can also
teleport number three to left with the
ingenious intelligence now I group these
two together because this is basically
the superpower of you and your brain and
the weapon now super intelligence is
such a great superpower
it gives regular and human the ability
to hold their own against characters
with superpowers and telepathy I mean
what can I say if you can control
someone's mind it doesn't matter how
strong they are or how precise they are
you have control of them so now some of
the most some of the most known
characters with super intelligence is
Batman Reed Richards from the Fantastic
Four Iron Man Lex Luthor and some of the
can say hey what about me do I have near
peak human intelligence why do people
keep forgetting about that of course I
use most of my mental awesomeness for
battle tactics but if I used it to
create fancy weapons I could probably be
Iron Man huh you wish I hear you cap
well we have to move on now I'm watching
you number two
now imagine having Liam ripped off being
shot or stabbed or in some cases caught
in an explosion just to quickly heal and
move on now they can be outclassed how
strategized beaten up it doesn't matter
because they're always in the fight
because in a lot of instances they
simply can't die a great example of this
is a Deadpool killing the Marvel
Universe he basically killed Hulk
Captain America Iron Man Thor Wolverine
you know I healed from that right it's
true now and most of these battles
um when Deadpool was killing all of
these Marvel characters um he was able
to do so because there was simply
nothing that they could do to kill him
and in a lot of those battles on he was
badly beaten and left for dead and some
instances but he will quickly regenerate
and catch his opponent by surprise so
now I do believe Depp who has the best
healing factor between DC and Marvel
Comics but some other characters that
have healing factor the Wolverine
believe venom has a healing factor
Deathstroke from DC has a healing factor
on an Incredible Hulk also have a
healing factor there may be a few more
but I believe those are the most popular
now my number one superpower is matter
manipulation no matter if anything in
the universe that has substance and mass
now this is from molecules and atoms
which most life-forms are made out of
two planets in other astronomical things
matter manipulation will obviously give
you the ability to change these kind of
things so characters with matter
manipulation abilities are usually
godlike figures in the comic books they
really can be destroyed they can kill
enemies with the blink of an eye they
can make any figment of their
imagination come to pass and in some
instances they can even manipulate time
and state so now some of the most
popular characters with matter
manipulation abilities is Jane Grey from
the x-men when she becomes the Phoenix
dr. Manhattan also known as the blue guy
in the watch man movie in The Watchmen
it's still one of my favorite superhero
movie by the way anyways that concludes
my top 5 super powers which superpower
would you choose if you could choose any
superpower let me know I'm going to see
Avengers age of Ultron on Thursday so my
next video will be a review thank you
guys for watching bye